# Predict-an-Ad-s-Success-Hackerearth-Machine-Learning-Challenge
This is a binary classification problem where you need to predict whether an ad buy will lead to a netgain.

The holiday season is just around the corner—Christmas trees have been decorated, lights and wreaths hung, streets all decked up, Santa costumes rented out, and holiday cards in the mailbox. In light of this holiday cheer, retail brands, big and small, want to earn considerable profits, and therefore, are investing significantly in advertising. These brands have approached an advertising agency to plan and execute ad campaigns that will help them increase the footfall in their stores.

You have been hired by this advertising agency to assess the scope of revenue that can be generated by a proposed ad. Based on the demographic information provided, you need to predict whether the revenue generated will cover costs to produce and air the ad. This will help guide decision making for the firm, as they will want to pursue ads that are likely to generate a net gain for their clients— thereby bolstering the advertising firm’s reputation.

Task:
This is a binary classification problem where you need to predict whether an ad buy will lead to a netgain.

Data Description:
Train.csv : 26049 x 12 [including headers] : training data set

Test.csv : 6514 x 11 [including headers] : test data set

sample_submission.csv : example for submission format of Results.csv 

Data

Data Description

id :: Unique id for each row

ratings :: Metric out of 1 which represents how much of the targeted demographic watched the advertisement

airlocation :: Country of origin

airtime :: Time when the advertisement was aired

average_runtime(minutes_per_week) :: Minutes per week the advertisement was aired

targeted_sex :: Sex that was mainly targeted for the advertisement

genre ::  The type of advertisement

industry :: The industry to which the product belonged 

economic_status :: The economic health during which the show aired

relationship_status :: The relationship status of the most responsive customers to the advertisement

expensive :: A general measure of how expensive the product or service is that the ad is discussing.

money_back_guarantee :: Whether or not the product offers a refund in the case of customer dissatisfaction.

netgain [target] :: Whether the ad will incur a gain or loss when sold

